---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: false
layout: event
author:  Darrell Schrag
title: "Enterprise DevOps - The Challenges of Scaling DevOps to Fortune 500 Companies "
email: drschrag@us.ibm.com
---

**Abstract:**

Implementing DevOps principles is challenging enough on its own.  But
large IT enterprises bring a unique set of challenges and roadblocks
that make implementing DevOps principles even more difficult.  This
presentation will discuss those challenges that are prominent in large
IT enterprises and discuss some solutions.

At IBM, we often encounter Fortune 500-sized customers that want to
realize the perceived benefits of DevOps principles yet have many
obstacles to overcome that they frankly do not anticipate. And many of
these challenges are not technical in nature but fall into the
organizational or regulatory categories. A few case studies will help
illustrate these approaches.

**Speaker:**

Darrell Schrag is a software development lifecycle consultant with
IBM.  Darrell has spent his 25 years of software development in
numerous industries including DoD/Aerospace and Finance.  For the past
18 years, Darrell has been with Rational Software and subsequently IBM
Rational Software helping clients improve their software development
practices.

Darrell currently is part of the IBM Rational Emerging Technologies
team focusing on all things DevOps. He spends his time helping IBM
clients get measurable value from adopting DevOps tools and practices.

Darrell is a Computer Engineering graduate of the University of
Michigan. He lives in the greater Chicago area with his wife and two
daughters.
