---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: false
layout: event
author: Jan Ivar Beddari
title: "Devops in the shadows: Infrastructure in a software-defined world"
---
**Abstract:**
As a community we know a lot about testing apps. The talk will argue
that we do not yet know enough about testing infrastructure.

Business requirements change, demand grows, ultimately every
organization deals with a continuously evolving infrastructure. Each
iteration we replace old with new, in most cases we get more open and
easier accessible devices. Could these possibly be tested, quality
assured and ultimately managed by the same practices we've preached for
years? Adapation of a full-out infrastructure as code approach seems
slow, what is holding us back?

Full CI/CD stacks that automates our software but reducing cycle time
and versioning the environments makes just as much sense when it comes
to hardware, storage or network equipment. At the same time it IS
different, you can't as easily move your newly forged hardware down the
chain from dev to prod. We'll look at some problem spaces and possible
solutions to help get our code to cover more of that equipment hiding in
the shadows of our DCs.

If you are an ops engineer, working with infrastructure testing feels
familiar quickly. We'll look at testing in light of monitoring, would it
make sense to combine these processes into one? Could we just say that
testing == monitoring and what changes would that bring?

**Speaker:**

<a href="http://www.linkedin.com/in/beddari">Jan Ivar Beddari</a> is an
automation pragmatist living in Volda, Norway. He's been at the
forefront of automated infrastructure for a long time having worked on
and with all the main OS platforms. Follow him on twitter:
<https://twitter.com/beddari>
