---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
ignite: false
suggestion: false
selected: false
layout: event
author: "Kurt Hurtado"
title: "Security, Logs and the ELK Stack"
---
Monitoring logs is an intrinsic part of maintaining control over the
security of your infrastructure. As DevOps, we are on the front line for
intrusion protection, often the first responders to an incident, and an
integral part of the post-mortem process. SIEM and security solutions can
be expensive and complex to deploy. The ELK stack is a free, open-source
solution which allows users to analyze logs generated by systems,
networking and applications. The modularity allows easy iteration in
response to the latest threats to network security. By rolling out even a
simple security-based logging analysis as part of typical deployments,
DevOps can be proactive in protecting the infrastructure and able to react
more efficiently by mining forensic log data to connect relevant events.

In this presentation, Kurt will present an overview of Elasticsearch,
Logstash, and Kibana and the various duties they perform in the ELK stack.
Each of these tools has an important role in introspecting your logs, in
order to surface critical information in an automated system. By
configuring certain event traps, the ELK stack can trigger notifications or
action items based on conditional logic. The ELK stack also provides a
convenient mechanism for recording significant events and securing them for
later forensic analysis. Learn about best practices for logging with
regards to security, and configuring the system to optimally ingest and
react to suspicious events.

Kurt Hurtado is an Elasticsearch Logstash core developer.
