---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: true
layout: event
author: Adam Auerbach
title: "How Capital One put Quality in the Driver seat thru DevOps and other best practices"
email: Adam.Auerbach@capitalone.com
---

**Abstract:**

See how Capital One leveraged Quality Driven Delivery to improve time
to market and maintain high quality.

In a highly integrated environment with Agile teams having many
dependencies, Capital One faced many challenges that led to prolonged
hardening sprints and no real improvements in time to market. We
struggled with many facets of Agile implementation and were not
getting any of the real benefits Agile provides. In order to solve
this, Capital One leveraged DevOps, TDD and ATDD practices and branded
them “Quality Driven Deliver” or “QDD”. QDD provided the foundation
needed to deliver on the goals of being able to deliver high quality
working code to production early and often.    This session will
review the experience Capital One went through in order to implement
these best practices. We will also cover the core principles of
Quality Driven Delivery. We will review specific questions and
assessments that can be done to evaluate where you are in each of
these principles. We will talk about the common roadblocks that occur
and some recommendations on how best to remove them from the
environment.

**Speaker:**

Adam is currently a Director of IT at Capital One. He is leading the
implementation and support of all the DevOps teams across the
enterprise at Capital One.

Adam is also responsible for the Enterprise Release Management, Test
Data Management, Test Automation and Performance Testing Teams. He has
over 14 years’ experience in IT, most of which has been in a
leadership role with a concentration on Quality.
