---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: false
layout: event
author: Florian Motlik
title: "Stop thinking about your infrastructure, start focusing on your code"
email: flo@codeship.io
---

**Abstract:**

As developers we love to ship changes. Improving existing features and
building new features that will make our current users happier or
bring in new customers is our core to what we do. While shipping
constantly we need to make sure we don't interrupt our service.
Software quality, code reviews and proper testing are cornerstones of
shipping constantly.

Today shipping less is just not an option any more. We need everyone
in our team to focus on how we can improve the product. Every task or
workflow that isn’t clearly a step forward needs to be religiously
automated and improved.

By focusing only on the changes we introduce into our code and leaving
everything from deployment to scaling, error detection and even
automated correction to automation, we can focus all of our energy on
taking that step forward.

We need to rethink the way we’ve built infrastructure and the
workflows we’ve used. Turning servers into one-off Masterpieces isn't
the way to go any longer. Instead we need to think of our servers as
post-its. Useful, simple to understand and manufacture and we replace
them without thinking twice.

Practices like testing, virtualised environments and Immutable
infrastructure are the key to this new workflow and will be discussed
in detail.


**Speaker:**

Flo is the CTO and co-founder at Codeship, a continuous deployment
service. At Codeship he led the implementation of a fully immutable
infrastructure that gets replaced several times a day. He focuses on
working with customers and leading companies in the field to bring
continuous deployment, immutable infrastructure and building systems
in the virtualised world to every software team.
