---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
ignite: false
suggestion: false
selected: true
layout: event
author: "Nigel Kersten"
title: "Cognitive Biases in Tech: Awareness of our own bugs in decision making"
---
Working in technology, whether that be part of a DevOps team, bug triaging
on an open source project or just working as part of a team requires
frequent judgement calls and decisions, often with limited information
available, and under strong time pressures. These are the situations in
which errors and missteps can easily arise due to our common cognitive
biases and heuristics.

Why do we perceive a rise in error rate differently to an equivalent drop
in availability? Why do we overestimate the chance of memorable disasters
and successes recurring? Why do we tend to construct post-mortems as a
sequence of predictable events even if they weren’t?

In this talk we’ll be covering the cognitive biases behind these questions
and others, along with relevant examples from open source project work,
operational incidents in the life of a sysadmin and various other
technology situations.

Nigel Kersten is the CIO at Puppet Labs, and is responsible for the
technical operations and business optimization teams there. He came to
Puppet Labs from Google HQ in Mountain View where he was responsible for
the design and implementation of one of the larger Puppet deployments in
the world and was an active member of the Puppet open source community.
Before that he was a senior sysadmin at a Sydney university, and he's been
working with Linux since floppy disks actually mattered.

He's had a long standing interest in cognitive biases and behavioral
economics since studying philosophy of mind at university.
