---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: false
layout: event
author: Dan Tehranian
title: "Quantifying the Business Value of DevOps"
email: tehranian@gmail.com
---

**Abstract:**

Summary

Within the software development community the practices of continuous
integration, continuous delivery, and other development process
improvements have become widely adopted in recent years. It’s
generally accepted that these improvements to tools, process, and
culture will have a positive impact on a software product’s time to
market, quality, feature set, etc. But how can one quantify the
business value of these development process enhancements?

Building on the RELENG 2013 keynote “Release Engineering as a Force
Multiplier” by John O'Duinn, this talk will cross the disciplines of
technology, economics, and finance to provide a quantitative and
practical walk­through of how to bridge the gap between technologists
and business management.

Details

DevOps engineers are in a unique position to deliver an extraordinary
amount of value to an R&D organization. By driving development process
efficiencies within an organization, a DevOps engineer has the
opportunity to deliver many times more value than most software
developers by increasing the productivity of each engineer on the
team. Creating this value is a challenge that DevOps engineers
continually take on, but measuring the value generated by these
efforts is regularly overlooked.

Given that there is no precise template for how every R&D team should
operate, DevOps engineers must use their creativity and insight to
identify the specific opportunities for improvement within their
teams. This talk will discuss common technical, organizational, and
process pitfalls that plague organizations. It will also discuss the
technical details andquantifiable business value of previously
completed projects that have generated millions of dollars of value,
for example: automating the creation of development environments with
Vagrant, improving product build times by 15x via Jenkins, and
re­architecting the means by which terabytes of build artifacts were
distributed to VMware’s global R&D organization.

Another obstacle in generating this value is obtaining buy­in from
stakeholders. This talk will cross over into the field of finance and
describe how to bridge the language gap between technologists and the
business school­educated decision­makers they will need to influence.
By learning how to properly quantify and advocate potential
improvements to these decision makers, DevOps engineers can be more
successful in delivering on their ideas and ultimately deliver
millions of dollars of value to their R&D organizations.

**Speaker:**

Dan Tehranian is a Principal Engineer and the “Economist in Residence”
at Virtual Instruments, Inc., a dynamic and rapidly growing technology
company headquartered in the heart of Silicon Valley. Prior to Virtual
Instruments, Dan was a senior release engineer at VMware during its
explosive growth years, 2007­2012.

In his 18 year technology career, Dan has contributed in various
technical roles ranging from IT, QA, product development, release
engineering, DevOps, and R&D management. He has worked in
organizations of all sizes ranging from early­round startups to
mega­cap corporations.

Dan studied Computer Science at UMass­Amherst and Economics at
Harvard.
