---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
ignite: false
suggestion: false
selected: false
layout: event
author: "J. Paul Reed"
title: "\"DevOps\" in a Post-DevOps World"
---
Has "DevOps" jumped the shark?

Some are just starting to discover and experiment with it; others say 2014
will be the year DevOps dons its Fonz-esque leather jacket. Whichever you
believe, the marketing frenzy has begun and the dilution of the "DevOps"
concept to include everything (and simultaneously mean nothing) is
palpable.

This talk deconstructs the elements of DevOps that made it resonate so
strongly with so many and facilitated the successes of organizations that
we hear so much about.

We'll go beyond DevOps' classical CAMS (culture, automation, metrics, and
sharing) definition and examine exactly what made DevOps relevant, what
aspects of it are so timeless, and what skills we'll need to focus on
individually and promote within our organizations to harness the next
"mega-transformational method/process/religion" that follows DevOps (and,
it turns out, limits companies' DevOps transformations today!)

J. Paul Reed has over a decade of experience in the trenches as a
build/release and tools engineer, working with such organizations as
VMware, Mozilla, and Symantec. In 2012, he founded Release Engineering
Approaches, a consultancy incorporating a host of tools and techniques to
help organizations "Simply Ship. Every time." He's been able to work across
a number of industries, from financial services to cloud-based
infrastructure, with teams from 2 to 200.

Paul is also a founding host of The Ship Show, a twice-monthly podcast
tackling topics related to build engineering, DevOps, and release
management.
