---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: false
layout: event
author: Loris Degioanni
title: "Fishing for Hackers"
---

**Abstract**

What happens when your servers get breached by a botnet? What steps
does a typical attacker take after breaking in? What do they use your
machine for? In order to find out, we started up some instances on
some of the main cloud providers, configured them with easy-to-guess
passwords, and then waited. But with a trick: we recorded everything
with sysdig, an open source tool that captures system activity. The
first machine was compromised in four hours. After a few minutes, the
machine was part of a botnet and was sending out 800 Mbit/s of UDP
traffic. This session shows what we learned by analyzing the trace
files. It shows with a high level of detail the steps that the
attacker took, and offers several tips to use a tool like sysdig for
forensic purposes.

**Speaker**

Loris is the CEO and founder of Draios, Inc., a San Francisco-based
startup that builds the tools that admins and devops professionals
need to manage their virtualized and cloud infrastructure.

Prior to founding Draios, Loris was a senior director of technology at
Riverbed Technology, where he oversaw strategic technology roadmaps
for the companyâ€™s network performance management business unit. Loris
joined Riverbed after the acquisition of CACE Technologies, a company
he co-founded in 2005. As CTO of CACE, Loris designed and led the
development of the company's award-winning packet capture and network
analysis product line.

Loris has a long history of contributing to and supporting the open
source community. He is the author of the recently released and very
popular open source tool sysdig, which was released by Draios in the
Spring of 2014.  He was also a pioneer in the field of open source
network analysis through his work on WinPcap and Wireshark. These open
source tools have millions of users worldwide.

Loris holds a PhD in computer engineering from Politecnico di Torino
and lives in Davis, California.
