---
extension: html
filter:
- erb
- markdown
dirty: true
proposal: true
talk: true
selected: false
layout: event
author: Jesper Richter-Reichhelm
title: "DevOps goes Mobile"
---

**Abstract**

We've learned a lot through doing DevOps: Every commit is
automatically integrated, tested, and deployed to a staging
environment. And then it only takes one push of a button and the
release goes live...

Unfortunately, it's not as simple anymore when operating mobile
applications: How can you quickly update your mobile software when the
app store provider wants to test your software first for a few days?
How can you update your configuration when your app can run offline?
And how do you track down errors when the data is distributed to
millions of mobile clients? Those were just some of the challenges we
encountered during the operation of mobile games with millions of
daily users. In this talk we will talk about the solutions we have
found to address them.

**Speaker**

Jesper works as Head of Engineering at Wooga, one of the most popular
developers of mobile games in the world. It's his job to make sure
that developers can work happily and efficiently and usually he does
that by letting those who know things best make their own decisions:
the developers themselves.

Jesper is passionate about playing and working on games as well as
developing highly scalable software that is used by millions of
players. He also loves sharing his knowledge and passion at
conferences.
